[static]
[opening theme music]
♪ Eyes, burning a way through me ♪
♪ Eyes, destroying so sweetly ♪
♪ Now, there is a fire in me ♪
♪ A fire that burns ♪
♪ This fire is out of control ♪
♪ I'll burn it! I'll burn it!
I'll burn it! I'll burn it down! ♪
-[panting]
-[announcer] Good morning, Night City!
Rise and shine, peeps. It's a brand
new day in the City of Dreams…
Reports of a pile-up on
the Heywood highway.
Seems a merc tried to flatline his target
from behind the wheel and missed.
Who's this gonk think he is anyway?
Weyland Boa Boa?
[panting continues]
What is it about this City
that keeps attracting…
There you have it, folks!
-[static]
-[panting]
-[pants]
-[announcer] That's right…
It's…
[Dorio] Maine.
-[grunts]
-When did you last snarf anything? Here.
-[suspenseful music]
-[grunting]
[Maine grunts]
Damn it, you're shaking. All that chrome's
messing with your nerves.
When this is all over, gotta refit,
go lightspec, reduce your load.
It's just some jitters.
There's nothing to worry about.
[Dorio] You can't keep this up, babe.
[Maine] Fuck that.
A little metal ain't gonna be enough to--
[gasps]
[Dorio] Maine?
-[grunting]
-Hey! Maine!
Fuck off! Ain't nobody
gonna set my limits but me.
[Maine]
Made it this goddamn far without trouble.
I ain't about to backtrack now!
Where's our fucking data?
[Dorio] Kiwi's mid-dive, can't rush her.
You know that!
-[suspenseful music]
-[panting]
ICE is harder to break through
than I thought it'll be.
[grunts]
-[warbles]
-[grunts]
[static]
[bangs]
-[pants]
-[crashing]
-[Dorio] Maine! Stop! Shit! What're you…
-[Maine grunts]
-[Dorio] Hey!
[high-pitched ringing]
-[Maine] Kiwi? Falco?
-[Dorio] Maine…
Jesus…
You back with us?
[sighs heavily]
-[Maine] Dorio?
-Shit…
What gives? What the hell happened?
We get jumped?
-And what happened to Kiwi--
-[grunts]
[announcer] The forecast
shows heavy rainfall along the coast.
Districts like Santo Domingo
and Westbrook
are most heavily affected
and are likely to see showers
-from midnight to sunrise…
-[sighs]
So take the proper precautions.
-[ringtone plays]
-[gasps]
[David] What the fuck, Falco?
You can't just drop by and not…
-Ask Maine? Why? You're here.
-[car engine rumbles]
So just tell me… Hey! Huh?
[pensive music]
-I can't believe this shit.
-Huh?
You're saying Kiwi's out of commission?
How?
She was working Tanaka, right?
Something go way south?
You should ask the gonk next to me.
[Maine] Fuck off.
Maine punched her out. She ran into
some ICE that snagged her and he lost it.
Sounds to me like Maine needs
his head checked.
Easy, Maine, next time
you start losin' it…
-[Maine grunts]
-[Dorio sighs]
-[bangs]
-[David sighs]
Hey…
"Losing it"?
-[door opens]
-That's right. Cyberpsychosis.
[door closes]
[David stands]
-[trills]
-[clatters]
Maine, hold up!
Hey…
Dorio just told me. You know… But…
You're gonna be all right, right?
You're not gonna end up like--
[Maine] All right?
-What's that mean, "all right"? Huh, kid?
-[stammers]
-Not a cyberpsycho?
-[grunts]
What? You think I might be losing my grip?
Maine, I didn't mean to--
-[crushes]
-[Maine] Do me a solid, lay off.
Mind your own biz for a fucking change.
[gasps]
Think you're hot shit
because you're faster than me?
Because you're sporting that Sandevistan?
The one that was supposed to be mine.
[shattering]
[Maine] I already made it this far.
I won't do it. Ain't no way
I'm gonna start downgrading. Not now.
Can't stop runnin'. No turning back.
[Dorio] NCPD probably
sniffed out our trail already.
We only got until morning
to finish this, if that!
You hearing me?
I told you no!
You're the one that needs to listen!
He's Arasaka…
[gasping]
[grunting]
-[David] Let's call it off.
-[gasps]
C'mon Lucy. Let's get outta here.
Don't gotta do nothing if you don't wanna.
[Dorio] Stay out of this, David!
[David] We can drop Tanaka
back where we nabbed him.
[David] Pretend none of this happened
from the start.
[Dorio] You better knock it off!
Hey! I'm not done with you!
[grunting]
[Lucy] David… Tell me I can do it.
-What… But I thought you didn't wanna--
-Say it!
You…
You don't get it. You don't understand.
We can't just leave.
Arasaka is always watching.
Always. We can't just call it off.
We don't have a choice. I know that.
I just…
I need to hear you say it.
[cries]
Please…
[David] Look. I'm sorry. But I…
I need you to do this.
I believe in you, Lucy.
[sighs]
-[Lucy] Fine. I'll do it.
-What?
But David has to come with me.
-[gasps]
-And Maine? He can't be in the room.
-[grunts]
-My conditions. Take it or leave it.
Fine. Whatever.
But you'll have to keep us in the loop.
Ping us every quarter hour.
[Dorio] You've got until dawn.
Don't fuck this up!
[sighs]
-[Dorio] David! Where's the lead head?
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[David] Hell, if I know.
[Dorio] Maine!
[Maine] Huh?
Dorio…
[digital trilling]
[David] Hey, wouldn't it be safer
to have Dorio as backup?
[Lucy] Grow a chrome spine.
Like why didn't you…
[sighs]
You could've told me earlier.
And I don't get it,
why we gotta do this alone?
-[Lucy] David.
-[gasps]
[crackling]
[David] Can I ask you something?
Uh, deep-dive port…
Why did you hide it? Keep it a secret?
Jacking in now…
-[beeps]
-[grunts]
-[Lucy] David…
-[clattering]
Yeah?
I'm going in.
-[suspenseful music]
-[static]
[Lucy] The fact that there's a trap here
means there's gotta be a way
to get inside.
[grunts]
[David] Right. Right, okay.
Oh, Maine. Where's he?
[Dorio] Maine? Cooling off.
[David] Hey, Dorio… You sure we gotta…
-Huh?
-Nah, forget-- Never mind.
[sighs]
Are we gonna kill him?
[Maine] We need a Plan B
just in case she don't make it.
[Dorio] Plan A, B, or Z.
Shoulda never have to come to this.
-[ringtone plays]
-Huh?
Yeah, what? Whatchu want?
My data. You have it?
Workin'. We're workin'.
A delay? Who's this on?
Christ, what? Twenty questions?
Transparency, Maine. What you, we agreed.
Huh?
And Kiwi? You can do it without her?
How… Shit. Falco talked.
You're willing to bet everything
on a backup runner?
Absolutely.
Tick tock, Maine.
Arasaka is still short one executive.
I trust you understand.
There is no room for error.
Made that clear.
[Maine] What?
-The fuck you staring at, Faraday?
-[gasps]
-[clattering]
-[grunting]
[Lucy] It's glitching out…
-Shit, really? Now of all times!
[grunting, panting]
-Wait… Wait, please!
-[grunts]
David!
-[beeps]
-[grunts]
Maine! Snap out of it!
Hey!
[Lucy] Damn it!
Why's the host waking up?!
What are you doing, David?
-[crash]
-[panting]
I was right, it was you… You're David…
You know my name?
There is much I know about you.
The incident with my son, Katsuo,
at the Academy…
[coughing]
Despite that,
I was the one who insisted
that you be readmitted at once.
[David] You did?
Please, David.
You can help stop all this.
I'm begging you. I do not wish to die.
We just need the data you got. We're not--
You're so naive, boy!
[pants]
I've seen their faces!
You think Arasaka won't hunt them down?
Just think. Why would I revoke
your expulsion after what happened?
You have demonstrated unique potential.
Arasaka sees in you a valuable asset.
A rich, bright future awaits you, David!
Do not throw your life away!
[static]
[Lucy] Bingo.
[grunts]
[David] I can't let you go. I just can't.
[Tanaka] Contact Arasaka, then.
This madness can all be over
in less than five minutes.
That's not what I mean!
I won't do that to my crew.
Foolish boy! Can you not see that
they're using you as their tool?
Mean to say Arasaka won't?
[Tanaka] You are blind.
You still don't get it.
Who do you think paid to make
this little stunt of yours possible?
It reeks of Militech.
All roads lead to the megacorps.
No matter how high you rise,
or believe you can,
you will never escape our shadow.
[David] But that's…
[digital trilling]
[grunts, coughs]
David, you there?
[suspenseful music]
-Martinez. Tell me…
-[sighs]
Just tell me what is it you want?
[David] What I want?
-[banging]
-[crashes]
-[Dorio] David! The fuck is this?
-[Maine] Why's this dawg awake?
-Where's the damn tranq… Give it!
-[thuds]
-[grunts]
-[buzzes, explodes]
-[alarm blaring]
-[Maine] What? The fuck was that?
-[electricity sparking]
-[Maine] No!
If he kicks it, this shit's over!
Hey, David!
Snap out of it, damn it!
You're the one who jacked her in, right?
-So yank her out!
-[grunts]
[David] Dorio!
Lucy's still stuck in deep-dive!
-Are you kidding me?
-Come on, hurry! Just cut the link!
[digital trilling]
Okay! Pull, now!
-[David grunts]
-[breaks]
[thrilling music]
[grunting]
[panting]
[gasping]
[Maine] How's the data?
[Dorio] Jabbed him right as he flatlined
so it's probably fine.
[pants]
[Maine] David!
Yeah, Lucy's all right…
Start talking!
The fuck was you thinking?
Me? What the fuck were you thinking?
Were you doing?
What the hell did you say?
[David] Punching out Kiwi.
Dropping all this shit on Lucy.
You were the one fucking around. The fuck!
Don't you start, kid.
Hey, Maine! David!
-[Maine grunts]
-Jammer got fried when Tanaka flatlined!
Trauma Team caught the fucking sig!
[Maine] Motherfuck!
[breaking]
David, we ain't done! You hear me?
-Now prep our wheels, quick!
-[shooting]
-[David grunts]
-[Dorio] Get it together, David!
You signed up for this shit, do it!
[pants]
[Maine] Wait in the ride. We'll catch up.
Got it!
Fucking Platinum premium plan service…
-Dorio!
-[grunts]
[clicks]
[device] Registering gunfire
in the service area.
Possible hostiles present.
Requesting NCPD backup in force.
-[car engine rumbling]
-[music blasts]
[gasps]
-[Lucy] David?
-Lucy! You okay?
What's going on? What happened?
Tanaka came to, then he short-circ'd
-for some reason.
-[groans]
[David] Something strange happen
while you were under?
[Lucy] Maine and Dorio, where are they?
[David] They're already moving Tanaka.
[Lucy grunts]
But he's dead.
-[David] Nah, we rezzed 'im.
-What? Why?
[David] What do you mean?
We still need the data.
But there's no point. Tanaka was a bust!
-[Lucy] There was no data.
-[David gasps]
[David] It can't be…
Fuckin' A.
Definitely on 'Saka's radar now.
[Dorio] Maine! Your meds!
Don't forget them.
[Maine] Just took a jab!
-[man] Don't move!
-[gun shots]
[gun firing]
[Maine] Fuck! It's like these pigs
keep appearin' outta thin air for us!
No end to 'em!
Back! Head to the back!
Shit! He won't pick up!
[Lucy] David!
-Where are you going?
-I'm going to help them.
Dumbass!
What if they slip out another way?
[Lucy] We wait here.
-[David] No! I can't wait!
-[Lucy] David!
[David] What's got you so spooked?
They should be back now. Something's off.
[Lucy] Wait! I got another sig.
Not just NCPD. Trauma's here too.
It means they're surrounded.
[David] Then we gotta help.
[Lucy] No, you can't!
You got a death wish?
[guns firing]
[David] It'll be okay. I'll come back.
[Lucy] Listen…
The situation looks bad,
no matter how you slice it.
We need to cut our losses and run.
[David] You hear them fighting, don't you?
They're still alive in there!
Sure ain't acting like yourself
today, Lucy.
-You saw something in there, didn't you?
-[gasps]
[David] In Tanaka's neural net…
[Lucy] I just… I only wanted …
[Lucy shudders]
-Yo, Lucy?
-[gasps]
Ain't you gonna say
you believe in me, too?
[Lucy sighs heavily]
-[guns firing]
-[grunting]
The fuck you doing, Maine?
Get it together…
Shit! That fucking gonk…
[low grunting]
[guns firing]
-[man 1] Hold your fire!
-[man 2] Huh?
[man 1]
He's got a platinum client hostage!
[man 2] Not our problem!
[Dorio grunts]
[gun firing]
-[shatters]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
-[gun firing]
-[gasps]
[Maine] Dorio…
[David] Hang on, Maine… I'm on my way.
-[screaming]
-[gun firing]
-[David] Please…
-[screaming]
Please tell me I can do this.
-[explodes]
[rain pattering]
[Maine] Is this… Is this my fault?
[footsteps approaching]
[man] Freeze! Weapons down,
hands behind your head!
Last warning!
-[Maine grunts]
-[guns click]
[breaks]
-[grunting]
-[blood splattering]
[man] Platinum client confirmed dead.
-[Maine] Hey.
-[gasps]
This mess my fault?
-[guns firing]
-[man 1] It's cyberpsychosis!
-[man 2] Flag MaxTac now…
-[man 1] He's killing us!
[Trauma Team] Resuscitation impossible!
Ordering full team evac!
[NCPD] What?! You're fuckin' leaving?!
Client policy's void!
-This is your problem now!
-You fucking kidding me--
He's here! Let's go!
-[grunts]
-[gun firing]
[Maine grunts]
[gasps]
[explodes]
[screaming]
-[screaming]
-[guns firing]
[screaming]
[NCPD whimpering]
[grunts]
[Lucy] David… You read me?
Maine's gone full psycho.
They've called in MaxTac.
Turn around. Come back…
[David] Maine…
[Maine] Oh. Hey, kid.
You holding up alright?
[David] Maine, I came to back you up…
Dorio's dead.
-She didn't make it.
-Huh?
[David] What are you doing?
[Maine] The last thing I can do for her.
[David] We gotta Delta.
Or we'll end up like her!
[Maine] No more running for me, dawg.
The reaper's finally calling my name.
[David] What are you saying?
-[gun clicks]
-It's okay. I'll fight with you.
[Maine] David…
I've made up my mind. I got your back!
I'm getting you out of this, Maine!
[David shudders]
[David] Damn it! Stop shaking!
MaxTac freaks! Come and get us!
Just fuckin' try!
I gonna save you.
We're gonna get outta here, Maine.
You an' me, and…and then…
-[David shudders]
-[plane landing]
[heavy thudding]
[suspenseful music]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[David breathing]
-[Maine] David.
-[David gasps]
You can't do it.
[gasps]
I don't… Why would you…
Why…
[David cries]
[Maine] This is it.
It's the end of the line for me.
But not for you.
Fast is what you do best, ain't it?
Just keep running.
[explodes]
[dramatic music]
[screaming]
[groans, grunts]
[grunting]
[gasping]
-[sighs]
-[crash]
-[gasps]
-[beeps]
[vehicle rumbling]
["Let You Down" intro playing]
♪ They will finally feel the flames ♪
♪ Flames that run down through my veins ♪
♪ I will make this city burn ♪
♪ We’re not planning to return ♪
♪ Trying so hard to be free ♪
♪ To make you see what I see ♪
♪ Hold on to your wishes ♪
♪ If you can’t hold on to me ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down again ♪
♪ Guess I’m not strong enough ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Oh, let you down ♪
[music stops]